[DM-710] updated user documentation of Actility and Sigfox device registration (#533)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lora-actility-bundle/troubleshooting.md

#### No LoRa provider settings found

> This warning message shows up when there are no credentials set up for the ThingPark account.To resolve this click on **Settings** to navigate to administration app where credentials are configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning message shows up when there are no credentials set up for the ThingPark account.To resolve this click **Settings** to navigate to the Administration application where the credentials are configured.
```

Author: Corrected.

#### No device protocols configured

> This warning message shows up when no LoRa device protocol exists to be used for device registration.To resolve this, click on **Device protocols** to navigate to device protocols page where protocols are configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This warning message shows up when no LoRa device protocol exists to be used for device registration.To resolve this, click  **Device protocols** to navigate to the **Device protocols** page where the protocols are configured.
```

Author: Corrected.
